Their eyes tried to open. “Too heavy…” they thought. They tried to move their body. “Too heavy…” the thought repeated, as if they were weighed down by a million tons. They were laying, they knew that much, but not much else… their body felt numb and covered in a static feeling, like waking up after a century-long nap.
“Alright,” their mind started to wander in the darkness “so where am I…? Last I remember I was… I was…” the thought trailed off in the realisation that their mind was completely blank. No name, no personality, no memories of any kind… not even a clue what they were. A panic started to set in, as they tried to open their eyes again, pushing against that heavy feeling.

A sliver of light through the slight parting of their eyelids, shone onto their eyes. What followed was pain - almost as if that limited light was burning their retnas… the pain and the heaviness worked together to squeeze their eyes closed once again.
“I have eyes… front-facing, that would usually suggest predator. So I have some ways to defend myself most likely.”
That heaviness and numbness of their body was slowly subsiding, allowing them to feel the ground beneath them. 
“Somewhat soft, but not comfortable. Natural, not built. Out in the open isn’t great. But worrying doesn’t do much, so I’m sure it’ll be fine! … huh, I’m an optimist. That’s nice.” Once again they tried to open their eyes.

Above them was an inky blackness, filled with differently colored sparkles. It was blurry, so they couldn’t make out much detail, but…
“Its beautiful…” they thought, forgetting for a moment what they were trying to do. The heaviness of their eyes was lessening, but finally forced their eyes closed once more.
Their bodies numbness was lessened enough where it felt like they could begin to move, so they tried. They raised an arm… another arm… both legs… a tail.
“Ok, bipedal, so likely good at running and climbing. That’s good, I can work with that. Tail makes sense, helps with balance… though it feels a bit thick, most likely has a second function. Why am I thinking like this- it probably does something else too. The arms seem thin, so fighting seems like a no-go. Honestly happy about that, I do not want to fight with this heaviness… or at all.”
